README.md, before:

[![Create a Slack Account with us](https://img.shields.io/badge/Create_Slack_Account-The_Carpentries-071159.svg)](https://swc-slack-invite.herokuapp.com/) 
 [![Slack Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack_Channel-swc--git-E01563.svg)](https://swcarpentry.slack.com/messages/C91JS49HD) 

git-novice
==========

An introduction to version control for novices using Git.
Please see <https://swcarpentry.github.io/git-novice/> for a rendered version of this material,
[the lesson template documentation][lesson-example]
for instructions on formatting, building, and submitting material,
or run `make` in this directory for a list of helpful commands.

Maintainers:

* [Nima Hejazi][hejazi_nima]: [@nhejazi](https://github.com/nhejazi)
* [Kat Koziar][koziar_kat]: [@kekoziar](https://github.com/kekoziar)
* [Madicken Munk][munk_madicken]: [@munkm](https://github.com/munkm)

Alumni maintainers:
* [Ivan Gonzalez][gonzalez_ivan]: [@iglpdc](https://github.com/iglpdc)
* [Daisie Huang][huang_daisie]: [@daisieh](https://github.com/daisieh)

[gonzalez_ivan]: https://carpentries.org/instructors/#iglpdc
[hejazi_nima]: https://carpentries.org/instructors/#nhejazi
[huang_daisie]: https://software-carpentry.org/team/#huang_daisie
[koziar_kat]: https://carpentries.org/instructors/#kekoziar
[munk_madicken]: https://carpentries.org/instructors/#munkm
[lesson-example]: https://swcarpentry.github.io/lesson-example

Commit message:

Update the README to reflect the repo better

README.md, after:

# Introduction to git and GitHub, for a fool proof programming

This is the repository for a course given at iDiv March 24th 2022.
It aims to give an introduction to the terminal, git, and GitHub for people who
never had experiences with it.

## Course Material

It heavily on material from the Software Carpentry
[Git for novices lesson](https://swcarpentry.github.io/git-novice/)
we're grateful for that.

We modified some of the material and added some episodes on:

* [Using git with the iDiv cluster EVE](https://emilio-berti.github.io/idiv-git-introduction/19-git_on_eve/index.html),
* [Obtaining a Zenodo DOI from a GitHub repository](https://emilio-berti.github.io/idiv-git-introduction/21-github_zenodo/index.html),
* [Leveraging some features of GitHub to better explore your own code](https://emilio-berti.github.io/idiv-git-introduction/22-github-navigating-code/index.html).

## Contact information

If you have any question regarding the course you can contact
[Emilio Berti](@emilio-berti) and/or [Matthias Grenié](@Rekyt)
