_extras/pre-workshop-email.md, before:

Dear participants thank you for having registered for the "Introduction to git and GitHub, for a fool-proof programming" course!

We (Emilio Berti and Matthias Grenié) are very happy to have you onboard!
This email is here to communicate a few information and ask you to fill pre-workshop survey so that we can adjust what we're going to cover to your needs.

**Installing git**
The main purpose of the course is to teach git. To install git download the program and follow the instructions [on the official git website](https://git-scm.com/downloads). Install it before the workshop, so that we can focus on explaining how it works. If you have trouble installing git, send us an email and we'll help you install it.

**Pre-workshop Survey**
Please fill the [pre-workshop survey](https://picsoung.typeform.com/to/kfUc1f7i) (4 questions, 5 min), this would help us know better what is your previous knowledge and let you choose between additional topics that you would like to be covered.

**Time and Location**
The workshop will be in-person, starting at **9:30 pm** on **Thursday 24th** in the **Beehive Room** (ground floor of iDiv main building). The course will end the same day at **5:00 pm**.

**Material needed**
To follow the workshop you'll need a computer with git installed (see above). We will also use RStudio git pane, so please install RStudio. Finally you will need a [GitHub account](https://github.com/), if you don't have one, please create one.

We looking forward to see you at the workshop!
Cheers,
Matthias & Emilio

Commit message:

Fix email and last time

_extras/pre-workshop-email.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Pre-workshop Email
---

Dear participants thank you for having registered for the "Introduction to git and GitHub, for a fool-proof programming" course!

We (Emilio Berti and Matthias Grenié) are very happy to have you onboard!
This email is here to communicate a few information and ask you to fill pre-workshop survey so that we can adjust what we're going to cover to your needs.

**Installing git**
The main purpose of the course is to teach git. To install git download the program and follow the instructions [on the official git website](https://git-scm.com/downloads). Install it before the workshop, so that we can focus on explaining how it works. If you have trouble installing git, send us an email and we'll help you install it.

**Pre-workshop Survey**
Please fill the [pre-workshop survey](https://picsoung.typeform.com/to/kfUc1f7i) (4 questions, 5 min), this would help us know better what is your previous knowledge and let you choose between additional topics that you would like to be covered.

**Time and Location**
The workshop will be in-person, starting at **9:30 pm** on **Thursday 24th March** in the **Beehive Room** (ground floor of iDiv main building). The course will end the same day at **5:00 pm**.

**Material needed**
To follow the workshop you'll need a computer with git installed (see above). We will also use RStudio git pane, so please install RStudio. Finally you will need a [GitHub account](https://github.com/), if you don't have one, please create one.

We looking forward to see you at the workshop!
Cheers,
Matthias & Emilio
